Day 1 

At 12 noon, I wanted a fresh start and hence I created a new Gmail account namely - simreetsinghmarwah@gmail.com and used my phone number +1-647-676-9086 for its recovery using my prebiously installed Brave browser on my Windows laptop.

I downloaded Arc browser since I have read about it on reddit that it is a great new browser that came in along with downloading Notepadd++ on which I am making these notes and renamed the first new notes as "Day 1 - Starting with basics". I have installed the latest Notepad++ app on my 
Windows OS namely "Notepad++ v8.8.6: Clarifying the CVE-2025-56383 
Non-Issue". 

After installing Arc Browser, when I opened it up, I created a new ID for the browser and then used my newly created email ID on it. It gave me an option to start with an in-built AI within the browser which I opted for within the browser app.

I inserted my new email ID into its mail system and delete the crappy emails that I have received.

Arc Browser has a new few unique features within, it has an email and calender linked to the same email ID on it, accompanied by a tab named "Arc Basics" which included various features of the Arc browser, like multi-window system which I am really excited about. 

Sticking with ChatGPT using my new ID into the new browser and split screening it with google.com 

So finally at 2:03PM, I have learned that I can record my video to the minimilistic style and hence added a new desktop window to it and then only opening up the apps that I need to record my video recording skills with using OBS Studio, opening up Notepad++, although it was showing some issues, that whenever I tried to open it up, it took to my original "Desktop 1" screen which is my main screen, and then I have to save this file and close the app, and open it back again on my "Desktop 2" window. Along with these two already opened Arc browser.

Using "Erica" my ChatGPT's assistant new name, I have setup my OBS Studio for recording after sharing my PC details with it. 

Finally Goal 1 accomplished!!!! I am taking a break and watching an episode of "House" on "Netflix" on the iPad.
